1-four-friends.md, before:

# Four Friends

Four friends – a deer, a crow, a mole and a tortoise – hung out together all the time. Little did they know about the problem they were going to face.

---

An unusual group of four friends lived deep inside a forest. The four friends were: a deer, a crow, a mole and a tortoise. They would meet every afternoon under a shady banyan tree and talk for hours.

One day, the deer did not turn up at the usual time. The mole, tortoise and crow were worried. The mole asked the crow if she could fly around and see if she could find the deer. The crow nodded her head and flew away.

She didn't have to fly too far to find the deer. Unfortunately, the deer was trapped in a hunter's net! "Friend deer! What happened?" the crow cried.

The deer sighed, "I am normally very careful in where I put my step. But this net was well-hidden. I am now trapped. It is only a matter of time before the hunter gets here."

"I'll get some help," the crow said as she flapped away. She quickly flew to the banyan tree where the mole and tortoise were waiting. She told them everything that had happened and asked if the mole could help.

"Friend tortoise, you wait right here," said the mole, "I will go with the crow and cut the net our friend is trapped in with my sharp teeth."

The crow picked up the mole in her beak and flew quickly to the spot where the deer was trapped.

The deer was happy to see his friends. The mole start cutting through the net. It was hard work, but soon the deer was free and exclaimed "Thank you friend mole!"

"Ah! Looks like our friend is free!" came a voice from the bushes. It was the tortoise who had walked slowly to the spot.

At same moment, the hunter arrived. The deer ran swiftly. The crow flew away. The mole quickly dug a hole to hide in. But the tortoise was too slow.

With the tortoise on his back, the hunter headed back to the village. The path took him past a lake. He saw the body of a deer lying on the grass. A crow was sitting on the deer's antlers, pecking at his eyes.

The hunter could not believe his luck. "I lost one deer, but looks like I have found another! And I don't even have to kill this one," he said to himself.

The tortoise smiled. His friends had come to rescue him.

The hunter left the tortoise on the ground and ran towards the deer. The mole ran out of the bush and quickly cut the rope. The tortoise was free! "Friend tortoise, run!" cried the mole.

For a tortoise, he moved really fast straight to the lake.  

Meanwhile, the hunter had almost reached the deer. The crow could see that the tortoise was now safe in lake. "Caw! Caw!" she cried and flew away.

That was the signal! The deer sprang to his feet and ran away. The hunter had no chance of catching him. And when he turned back, he found the tortoise missing too!

The four friends hurried back to the banyan tree. "Thank you friends for saving my life!" said the tortoise.

"No thanks needed," said the deer with a smile, "As long as we help each other, we'll always be safe!"

Source:  
The four friends
30 October 2020
Krishna Rao
KathaKids
https://kathakids.com/folktales/panchatantra-stories/panchatantra-stories-for-kids/

Commit message:

Replace the mole character with a mouse character.

1-four-friends.md, after:

# Four Friends

Four friends – a deer, a crow, a mouse and a tortoise – hung out together all the time. Little did they know about the problem they were going to face.

---

An unusual group of four friends lived deep inside a forest. The four friends were: a deer, a crow, a mouse and a tortoise. They would meet every afternoon under a shady banyan tree and talk for hours.

One day, the deer did not turn up at the usual time. The mouse, tortoise and crow were worried. The mouse asked the crow if she could fly around and see if she could find the deer. The crow nodded her head and flew away.

She didn't have to fly too far to find the deer. Unfortunately, the deer was trapped in a hunter's net! "Friend deer! What happened?" the crow cried.

The deer sighed, "I am normally very careful in where I put my step. But this net was well-hidden. I am now trapped. It is only a matter of time before the hunter gets here."

"I'll get some help," the crow said as she flapped away. She quickly flew to the banyan tree where the mouse and tortoise were waiting. She told them everything that had happened and asked if the mouse could help.

"Friend tortoise, you wait right here," said the mouse, "I will go with the crow and cut the net our friend is trapped in with my sharp teeth."

The crow picked up the mouse in her beak and flew quickly to the spot where the deer was trapped.

The deer was happy to see his friends. The mouse start cutting through the net. It was hard work, but soon the deer was free and exclaimed "Thank you friend mouse!"

"Ah! Looks like our friend is free!" came a voice from the bushes. It was the tortoise who had walked slowly to the spot.

At same moment, the hunter arrived. The deer ran swiftly. The crow flew away. The mouse quickly dug a hole to hide in. But the tortoise was too slow.

With the tortoise on his back, the hunter headed back to the village. The path took him past a lake. He saw the body of a deer lying on the grass. A crow was sitting on the deer's antlers, pecking at his eyes.

The hunter could not believe his luck. "I lost one deer, but looks like I have found another! And I don't even have to kill this one," he said to himself.

The tortoise smiled. His friends had come to rescue him.

The hunter left the tortoise on the ground and ran towards the deer. The mouse ran out of the bush and quickly cut the rope. The tortoise was free! "Friend tortoise, run!" cried the mouse.

For a tortoise, he moved really fast straight to the lake.  

Meanwhile, the hunter had almost reached the deer. The crow could see that the tortoise was now safe in lake. "Caw! Caw!" she cried and flew away.

That was the signal! The deer sprang to his feet and ran away. The hunter had no chance of catching him. And when he turned back, he found the tortoise missing too!

The four friends hurried back to the banyan tree. "Thank you friends for saving my life!" said the tortoise.

"No thanks needed," said the deer with a smile, "As long as we help each other, we'll always be safe!"

Source:  
The four friends
30 October 2020
Krishna Rao
KathaKids
https://kathakids.com/folktales/panchatantra-stories/panchatantra-stories-for-kids/
